Use npm for managing dependencies in your project, running scripts defined in package.json, and publishing packages.

Use npx for running packages or scripts that you don't want to install globally or include as dependencies in your project. It's particularly useful for one-time tasks or running executables from packages.

cdn - (Content Delivery Network) it does not install the dependencies on your server. purpose is to serve static files from a network of distributed servers to improve load times and reduce the load on the server.

single page is a type of SPA) - application or website that interacts with the user dynamically rewritting the current page rather than loading entire new pages from the server.

react DOM - is a package that provides DOM-specific methods that enable react to interact with the brower's documnet object model.

ReactDOM.render() = this method is used to render a react component into a specific DOM node.

// index.js
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';

function App() {
    return <h1>Hello, React DOM!</h1>;
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.getElementById('root'));

.scss is a file extension for Sass (Syntactically Awesome Style Sheets) files. 
SCSS is a powerful extension of CSS that brings additional features and capabilities to style sheets, making them more dynamic and easier to maintain.

bundlers are the tools that package our application code , assets, and dependencies into a single set of files

useState - useState is a Hook in React that allows functional components to manage and track state. 

Hot Module Replacement (HMR) is a feature commonly used in modern JavaScript development that allows you to update modules in a running application without requiring a full page reload. 

JSX - (JavaScript XML) is a syntax extention for javascript commonly used with react to describe what the UI should look like . it allows developers tp write HTML-like code within the javascipt , making it easir to create and manage UI components.

JSX is not natively understood by browsers; it needs to be compiled into plain JavaScript. This compilation process is typically handled by tools like Babel.

createRoot is a method introduced in React 18 as a part of the new root API. It is used to create a root for rendering a React application. 

createElement is a function used to create React elements programmatically. While JSX is more commonly used for defining elements, createElement is useful for dynamically creating elements without JSX.

